1. What do you mean by BI? Explain.
Ans: Business Intelligence (BI) refers to technologies, applications and practices for the collection, integration, analysis, and presentation of business information. 
     The purpose of Business Intelligence is to support better business decision making.
     
2.How Power-BI helps in BI, and how does it help Analysts? Explain.
Ans: It aids management teams in making fast decisions without jeopardizing the company’s profitability. Data visualization is made simple with Power BI. 
    The user-friendly drag-and-drop interface makes it easy to answer complex data-related questions without the need for programming skills. 
    i. Extract data insights with no coding skills required:
    This simplicity lowers the barrier for users to perform advanced analytics such as trend analyses, regressions, and statistical summaries.
    ii. Democratize data insights with dashboards:
       Power BI comes with many reporting features for users to readily create well-designed interactive dashboards. It can also connect to a wide range of data sources and can help you create powerful data models (e.g. SQL Server, Excel spreadsheets, Amazon Redshift, etc.). As a result, 
       these dashboards can be enriched with comprehensive data from various applications across the organization.
       
3. Explain Descriptive analytics
Ans: Descriptive analytics is the interpretation of historical data to better understand changes that have occurred in a business. 
    Descriptive analytics describes the use of a range of historic data to draw comparisons.
    
4. Explain Predictive analytics?
Ans: Predictive analytics is a branch of advanced analytics that makes predictions about future outcomes using historical data combined with statistical modeling, data mining techniques and machine learning. 

5 Explain perspective analytics?
Ans: Prescriptive analytics is a type of data analytics—the use of technology to help businesses make better decisions through the analysis of raw data.

6. Write five real-life questions that PowerBi can solve.
Ans: 1.visualizations which can be shared at the touch of a button.
     2.Using Power BI reduces the possibility of error by allowing reports to be run in seconds using only the most current data. 
     This ensures that reports can’t be altered or deleted and eliminates the time spent sifting through files to find the correct data.
     3. Excessive Time Spent Preparing For Presentations
     4.Sifting through spreadsheets in search of specific data sets is time-consuming and inefficient. One of the most useful Power BI solutions is the ability to easily search for data and data-sets.
     5. While business intelligence offers a lot of useful information, not everyone knows how to use it. Even with the numbers in plain view, 
       it can be difficult to determine whether or not your business is successful and what areas need improvement. Using Power BI’s Question & Answer feature,
       it’s now possible to ask your software these questions using natural language. Ask what your profits were for that month or how customer subscription numbers compare to last year’s.
